no one deserves anything
death is the only solution
pain and suffering
blank
numb for eternity
fuck.
something unpleasant? just run away
unreachable enjoyment
depression
everyone hates you, don't believe others
no one wants to be near you
doesn't matter what you want and if you understand, you'll fuck up anyway
no energy left to try to make these bones and flesh appear human
isolation. intentional or not? idk
nothing pleasant, just trying to run away from unpleasant things. how is this worth continuing
maybe staring at my desk for hours will change something
have i done this myself? no, it's others' fault
gone too far to be able to go back
*insert things that are too fucked up even for plz f*
yeah, go have fun with other cunts
shut the fuck up, i can be pissed off for any reason, it's none of your shit
everyone should suffer
what am i even doing
the people that i care about are the only ones that can cause me to feel like shit
hAHahhAHAHHAH what a fucking joke
never-ending cycle of bullshit
get attached to anything to fuck up your life
i would like to stay in bed until my body gets rotten
it's fine for a while, but then the smallest of shits happens and everything gets fucked
what's the point
everyone and everything sucks
ye haha totally, i have stuff to do. like. sit in a dark room
at this point this is basically a comedy
being mad because of unfulfilled expectations that u imposed on others
why even live
not only is living life garbage, even escaping it is difficult as fuck
people don't make plans when ur not there, they make plans when ur there and act as if you aren't even there
imagine enjoying anything
unable to express myself
i really mean it, i really do, how am i supposed to convince you
hedgehog's dilemma, either i experience something and get hurt or experience nothing
liking something/someone often leads to pain because it's easy to lose things
unable to be understood, unable to communicate
fear of not experiencing something ever again
fear of experiencing something again
fuck off fuck you
imagining death
can others be at least 50% as fucked as me
shit.
everything sucks
f.
people hate u
anxiety
staring at the ceiling
just. let everything crash and burn
clingy and jealous
